Added contribution guidelines, modifies make commands. (#35)
linkedin/greykite: CONTRIBUTING.rst

and the open source community subject to the BSD 2-Clause license.

Responsible Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities
--------------------------------------------------

Please, do not file reports on Github for security issues.
Please, review the guidelines at https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/62924.
Reports should be encrypted using LinkedIn's `Public PGP Key <https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/79676>`_
and sent to security@linkedin.com, preferably with the title "GitHub linkedin/Greykite — < short summary >".

Contribution Guidelines
-----------------------

Code of Conduct
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Please follow our `Code of Conduct <https://github.com/linkedin/greykite/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst>`_ when making contributions.

Code Style
^^^^^^^^^^

Greykite follows the `flake8 <https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_ code style.
Contributed code must pass flake8 check before it can be merged.

Greykite follows the `numpydoc guide <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html>`_ for docstrings.
For more details, you can also read `guide from lsst <https://developer.lsst.io/python/numpydoc.html>`_.

> Greykite documentation uses `sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Greykite uses `sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`_
```

and `sphinx-gallery <https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/index.html>`_ to generate documentation pages.

> Please make sure the content are well rendered if you contributes to the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure the content are well rendered if you contribute to the documentation.
```

> Please make sure the code/docstring styles are the same with the other code in the same file/module before creating a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure the code/docstring styles are the same as the other code in the same file/module before creating a pull request.
```

Makes sure your code works
""""""""""""""""""""""""""

* Make sure the flake8 style check passes.

  .. code-block::

    make flake8

* If you fixed a bug, please write a unit test that indicates the fix. Put the tests in the corresponding directories in greykite/tests. After you write the tests, make sure all tests pass by running

  .. code-block::

    make test

  Please keep a screenshot or a text file of the testing results.

* If you developed a new feature, please write unit tests that covers all code in the feature. Put the tests in the corresponding directories in greykite/tests. After you write the tests, make sure all tests pass and show coverage by running

  .. code-block::

    make coverage

  Please keep a screenshot or a text file of the testing results. Please also document the new feature you developed by writing either a quickstart example (indicates the functionalities of the feature) or a tutorial example (an end-to-end example including the feature as core functionality).

* If you contributed to the documentation, please make sure the sphinx-build completes without any error

  .. code-block::

    make docs

>   as well as that the generated documentation pages looks good. The generated docs are in docs/build/docs/greykite/html. Please take a full screenshot of the generated page with your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and that the generated documentation pages look good. The generated docs are in docs/build/docs/greykite/html. Please take a full screenshot of the generated page with your browser.
```
